NAVAND-1157: do not retain last replay location between sessions (#7022)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: changelog/unreleased/bugfixes/7022.md

> - Fixed the case when `ReplayLocationEngine` returned outdated location at the begging of a new replay trip session.

Reviewer: begging  -> beg**inning**?

Author: ))

> - Improved `ReplayLocationEngine` last location update behaviour: now the last location is cleaned up when replay session is stopped.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed the case when `ReplayLocationEngine` returned outdated location at the begging of the new replay trip session.
```
Maybe?
